on
Windows Phone 7 and the upcoming version Windows 8 and standards are not all
Victims do not have much in common at the time
after all, knows what really happened
quite important, of course, we had five stories with Windows
Phone
in Angola 10
Browser supported
Of course it also falls
play a very strong role
in the future
and of course it is so we too
the police had to, for example
Fürth has strolled devices under Windows XP
but now 8 threatened
for example
likewise it is so
honors
decrypts
that is already announced
bring you 2
the study shows
persevere first and put under arm-based chips run water
whole new class of hardware
makes it possible to use us on the us
second, it is also optimized for finger operation, which is the first
Have already shown videos
good bridge children between the classic cordial
more
March 1986 as well as the 15 referee
van Gogh is the great concert
March comes for listening pleasure Phone 7
which, of course
three main areas
One is the topic of communication
Pothier bring many new functionalities to the gulf, for example, that he has the
central as a switching point quasi word takes place something to do with the people
the correction was 5
there is, for example, possible keep
Create groups of contacts and find them on the home page
gains new networks like Twitter and LinkedIn
Oer there are new ways of communication that means ours
news
Nerb is bored out of SMS and MMS just like to Facebook chat or
Windows Live Messengers as I have
different messaging can
between those who can change seamlessly
we already have
new stories and together
in the communication of
so far car cockpit that has been improved
offers more possibilities
faster a procedure will work for sure
«These are ideas around the topic of communication
second important point he concerns teamwork
there are finally 2 off focal points of the one is the browser
as the browser and updated on this idea 9 for Windows Phone is that
the one the route is the top team forward
also the phone
Entertainment Dr
under support of html5 of course
the operator of the power plants
that means everything that creeps and flees
Be related to September
it was the BAK to go teamwork operation search
RW Damme is dedicated
Applications in Windows Phone
it will be extended
Especially since I help life around this piece as the phone has Porsche
Way I can search the built-in microphone in the name of audio to make music
Recognize title
ran on the bing search in the background and then right in the Windows Phone
Marketplace to buy the titles still if I like them
and under the headword the tables above all things like polar code and
Microsoft Recker identifier barcode recognition
Hochtief wants her body as before the squad planning but the topic
Text recognition as a hot candidate
the navigation also notebooks percent
and which and admits Extorre detect scanner let and then the same
About Bing Translator own food is opened
the search and almost more
That we have a zest for life
Of course, the third focus is AIDS because we do a lot around it
the topic of multitasking
there a possibility faster between
Switching the application always so completely grasp the churches switching
and fatigue in the group one that is Heinze
developer
to program for example music Merten download-content and run
to let
Visitors with the competence
and also the Windows Phone Marketplace percent bring up whole series
News concerning publishing
and of course there are many many new APIs and tags no longer with it
a network communication local database
Possibility Live Tiles to embarrass us
and another topic
quite a big package for everyone
quite simply today the fathers 2 Dr Windows Phone both are already is the k
7 and one is officially called
and in addition to that loading on the airport undermines and MSN com
if the logged in paper bag also at the same time or already has
get an invitation
Moritz
Windows Phone Mango Reus on a commercially available today
Phone to test
we have these invitations
started sending out about three weeks
that means thousands of developers are already out and about
Boxes on their current devices
the beta version of Windows Phone Mango
In the evening are mostly very satisfied
and stopped
that he is very good also makes a lot of new things
the needles and Bob Bradley
But that 's why we are very happy for the first time after the launch in the
last year
he's on board the dedicated as Portugal in front of Windows Phone deployment
nothing else his life
but of course, too
There are opportunities and risks for Nokia means
here we work both sides Nokia and Microsoft very intensively around him
together
beyond that, to plan the market launch for the next few months
get a good grip
and of course the developer community
Of course there is a large community of developers leading the current
Single platform
of course, too
for Windows Phone 7 and Instruments
At the moment our beautiful Gaal is taking its first steps
to do it right
to take the community with you
Brazil's Maicon
Markus Bilke systems
Now SID is dreaming we are very happy about the cooperation also with the
German colleagues at Nokia
which we have retracted the last few weeks
Do not worry about being curious
and when they give first devices
Nokia has more or less overlooked that, we think
can expect that we also this year
at least one device will be on the market
maybe more to announce profit soul
you have to wait until there are gaps in the windows
dpa I assume that the
slowly over
can be picked up speedily
really big this year